c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\KiRA.exe.config
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.g.resources
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\KiRA.exe
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\KiRA.pdb
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.exe
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.pdb
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\Views\LoginViews.baml
c:\users\shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\obj\Debug\Views\LoginViews.g.cs
C:\Users\Shafia\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Shafia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KiRA\KiRA\bin\Debug\TabOrder.dll
C:\Users\Shafia\Documents\KiRA\Login 2\KiRA\bin\Debug\KiRA.exe.config
C:\Users\Shafia\Documents\KiRA\Login 2\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.exe
C:\Users\Shafia\Documents\KiRA\Login 2\KiRA\obj\Debug\KiRA.pdb
